(upbeat music)
Alright, we're gonna work some more
with promises in async/await and build
a sort of a prompt interface.
This is pretty common thing that you wanna do,
is when somebody clicks a button,
or something happens on the page,
you wanna popup a little box, ask them for something,
and then go ahead and submit it and get that data back,
and then display it on the page somehow.
So we are going to build our own prompt box,
there is a prompt that's built into the browser,
but the problem with that prompt
is that you can only have one input box.
Let's say you wanted multiple input box,
or you wanted an image upload or something like that,
you wouldn't be able to do that,
as well as this interface is blocking,
meaning that when this is popped up,
you can't do anything else on the page,
so we're going to see how can we re-implement this
with promises and async/await?
So let's get going, I've got this
in the 70 dash async prompts folder,
and we've got some very basic HTML here,
we got our base.css, a little bit of custom CSS here,
which I'm going to explain to you once we hit that,
specifically we're using CSS variables
for animation here which is pretty nifty,
and then I've just got some buttons on the page
that you can go ahead and click,
in order to invoke the thing.
One more thing actually that we're gonna look at
is if I refresh the page here,
it says what is your name, Wes,
what is your age, 15, what is your dog's name, Snickers,
and then submit, and you get all three
of those pieces of data back.
That's going to be in a synchronous map,
which is kinda tricky to do,
so I'm gonna show you how to do that,
how to run something in series
when you have promises in async/await.
So, open up your scripts.js
and open up that index.html in the browser,
and let's get going on our scripts.js here.
So first thing we wanna do is to make our prompt function,
and we are going to just make that called ask.
And that is going to take in some options,
and that options will have two things,
what will the text of the prompt be,
and should they be allowed to cancel it
with a cancel button?
Now inside of here, first thing we wanna do,
is return a new promise, like we always do,
and then we're going to get a function in here,
and that function will pass as resolve,
it will also give us reject,
but we're only gonna be using resolve here,
when somebody hits cancel, we won't be rejecting it
like an error, it will just resolve it with nothing
because that's how the one built into the browser
works as well.
Now there's a couple things that need to happen,
first we need to create a popup
with all the fields in it.
Second, we need to check if they want a cancel button.
Next, we need to listen for the submit event
on the inputs.
And then finally, when someone does submit it,
we want to resolve the data that was in the input box.
Alright, so first thing here,
first we need to create a popup
with all of the fields in it,
so I'm going to use a form tag for this
so that we can get the submit,
so we'll say const popup is equal to document.createElement
and we're gonna pass it form.
So you're gonna see why I'm using
document.createElement here,
in just a second we'll, spoiler,
because when we use document.createElement,
this will immediately return to us the DOM node,
and that allows us to add event listeners
for things like submit on it.
If I were to simply just use back ticks and a form,
I wouldn't be able to add event listeners
inside of this function, I would have to wait
until that thing was put into the page
before I could add event listeners to it.
So we create the popup, and then we
can add a class of popup to it,
so we'll say popup.classList.add popup,
and this will just make sure that our popup
has a background position fixed,
its width and height is 100 of the viewport height,
and 100 of the viewport width,
as well as we use some CSS grid here
in order to align the content inside of it,
and then finally, I am setting the opacity to zero,
because we want to fade it in,
and by doing that we're gonna add a class of open,
and then fade in the opacity a little higher,
I'll explain these variables in just a second as well.
So we have our popup, we add a class here,
and then we need to put some HTML inside of that popup,
so we'll say popup.insertAdjacentHTML,
and we'll do that afterbegin,
and that's right at the beginning of the HTML form,
and then in here, we can use back ticks,
because there's nothing in these back ticks
that need to have events listening to it,
we only have the event that needs to be listened to
on the form which is the submit.
So in there, I'm gonna give a fieldset,
and a fieldset is kinda like a div,
but they group together form inputs,
they can have some handy stuff,
like you can disable a fieldset,
and that will disable all the inputs inside of it,
so that's a much more semantic element to use
instead of just a regular div.
Then we need a label, and in there,
we will just say options.title.
Let's pause there and just make sure
that this is actually working,
'cause I don't wanna write too much code
without it even working, so let's just console.log the popup
just to see what we're working with here.
So we need to run it, we can just run it ourselves from here
without having to get into the DOM just yet,
and we should be able to say ask and the options,
so here we're passing in an options object,
instead of passing in a title and a cancel,
option as argument one and argument two,
I'm just passing in an options object,
and then we grab the title and the cancel off of that,
and that's a much better way to do it
when you have multiple options,
in which some are not required,
just pass in one argument which is an object
full of properties that you're looking for,
so we're gonna ask for a title of, does this work.
And what that does is it returns to us,
well what do we got here?
Starbucks.
OK, back to it, we got form, and a fieldset,
and we have a label, OK, so we know
that this is working so far, obviously nothing is showing
'cause we have not put that on the page, so that's good.
Now let's check if they wanna cancel button,
so we'll say if options.cancel,
then we'll have to create the button,
so we'll say const skipButton,
we'll call it skipButton document.createElement button,
and say skipButton.type is equal to a button,
and that's important because if you don't
give it a type of button, it will assume it's a submit,
and it will submit the form for us.
We'll say skipButton.textContent is equal to cancel,
put a capital C on that.
Then we need to listen for a click on that cancel button.
Let's put a, then we need to listen for a click
on that cancel button.
Let's put a little TODO in front of that,
just so we know, we'll come back to that,
I don't wanna complicate this too much just yet.
And listen for a submit on the input,
and then when someone does submit it resolve the data.
OK, so, I guess the one thing we haven't done
is insert that popup into the DOM,
because we haven't done that yet, right?
So let's go ahead and do that,
we'll just say document.body.appendChild,
and we'll put append the popup.
So now I'm gonna go ahead and run this,
we get popup here, with the fieldset,
and a label that says, does this work.
OK, so let's get that showing so we can visually
see if it's working or not, and if we head over
to our CSS, you'll see that by default,
our popup has an opacity of zero,
and the reason why I've created a,
this is called a CSS custom property,
or it's called a variable NCSS,
and then you can reference the variable.
The reason why I did it like this,
is so that when we go down to the popup with the open,
we can simply just update the variable
and that is smart enough to know,
oh, this was used over here,
so update the variable to be one.
So what we need to do in here is to,
right after we've appended the child,
we need to take our popup and take the classList
and add a class of open.
Now when we run that,
we see that that pops up right away.
It's not fading itself in, which is a bit of a problem,
and this is actually comes back
to the whole event lifecycle that we talked about
a couple videos ago.
The reason why this is not animating itself in
is because it queues up the add a class of popup
and adding a class of open, sorta at the same time,
and there's no time for it to transition
from regular popup opacity zero,
to popup open opacity one, because they're essentially
just added at the exact same time,
so there's no A to B to transition itself
from one to another.
So the solution there is to put a very small timeout
before we add the open class,
and what that will do is it will stick
the code that is beyond it at the end of the event loop,
and that is enough to just trip it into
having a little bit of time between A and B,
so what we can do is we could just do a set timeout,
where we have a function here,
we'll put that inside of there,
and we'll run that timeout after, around 10 milliseconds.
And let's see when we run it now,
you see that, woo, it brings itself on it.
Sometimes you can even get away
with doing a zero millisecond timeout,
watch, I think this might work.
Yeah, look it, why does that work?
Well, we learned earlier that, how the event loop works,
is that when you have a timeout, it runs it,
and then it sticks the callback
at the end of the event loop or it sticks it in the web APIs
which puts it in the queue, and then the event loop
will pull it back, so sometimes you're gonna see this
where somebody puts something in a timeout of zero,
and all that is doing, is it puts that at the end
of the event loop, so that this code
will have finished running by the time
that this one goes forward.
I have tested that in a few browsers,
and it doesn't work totally great,
so what we're gonna do, is we're gonna change that
to just do 50 milliseconds before we pop it up.
Now, one little sort of thing we could do here,
is instead of having a set timeout,
let's use async/await.
So I'm gonna make you code that wait function again,
so function wait, milliseconds is set to zero,
return a new promise, and we get the resolve from that,
and we'll say setTimeout resolve
after the amount of milliseconds passed in.
We could go down here, and get rid of this timeout,
we'll say await wait 50 milliseconds,
and then it's yelling at me here,
cannot use await outside of an async function,
so we have to go up to our function here,
and mark that as async.
You notice I didn't mark this one as async,
and the reason is because you have to mark
the parent function which is the promise callback.
Now that should work exactly the same way, totally does,
let's open it up in Firefox.
Beautiful.
So let's go back to our fieldset
and put all of the rest of them in there.
So we need an input with the type of text
and the name of, we're gonna put name of input,
I'm not very imaginative when it comes to naming things.
And then we need a button with the type of submit on it.
We'll just say submit.
How does that look?
Does this work?
Good, so now if I type in there Wes and hit submit,
it actually just refreshed the page,
and you'll see that it's put it into there.
So what do we need to do with forms?
Prevent default.
Let's go ahead and write that code.
So, we build our HTML here,
we check if there needs to be a cancel button or not,
oh we didn't add this cancel button just yet,
so we'll say popup, and we could either do,
insertAdjacentElement, is it insert?
Yeah, insertAdjacentElement,
or we could say popup.firstChild,
and that's gonna give us the fieldset,
and then we'll just append that onto the end,
and we'll append the skipButton.
Now let's try it, so regularly it works good,
OK, and now if I pass cancel of true,
popup.firstChild.append is not a function,
is it appendChild?
Failed to execute appendChild on node,
this node does not support this method?
Alright, so debug time, let's do it.
Console.log the popup.
Line 25, there's our popup, console.log popup.firstChild.
Text node, oh.
Oh, big bug here.
I bet, watch this.
(laughs) what happened there?
I had put in this here, and it broke it,
and the reason behind that is because if we look,
let me run it again without the cancel here,
let's look at it in the DOM, open our fieldset,
it doesn't even show it to me here,
but what happened is this new line right here,
it's not an element but what is it?
It's a node, and by saying .firstChild,
I think I even told you, don't use firstChild,
use firstElementChild instead,
because that was grabbing this blank space
and trying to append a DOM node to it,
and you can't append a DOM node to just blank text,
you can only append it to actual elements.
So solution is, either fix it like that,
or let's leave it broken for a second,
and we'll say firstElementChild.appendChild,
I bet that will fix it.
Yeah, OK, so that fixed it,
I'm also just going to get that not so sloppy
on its own line.
So perfect example of the difference between
firstChild and firstElementChild.
OK, so the cancel button is there,
the submit button is there, now we need to add
our event listeners for those,
so listen for a submit on the input events,
we'll say popup.addEventListener,
listen for the submit event,
and when that happens, we'll run another function here,
and you could define this function elsewhere,
but it's totally fine to keep it all inside
of this ask function.
I'll show you one example in just a second
where we take it outside.
That passes us the event, and the first thing we wanna do
is say e.preventDefault and we'll console.log submitted.
Da, da, da.
Wes, submit, there we go, submitted, OK good.
Then what we wanna do is simply take the value out of here
and resolve it, so we'll say resolve,
and the reason we have access to this resolve function
is because it's passed in here,
and that's one benefit to doing it all inside of here,
is that we don't need to pass the resolve function
to another function, because of the scope of this function,
it's available to us in the higher function.
So we'll simply resolve it with the e.target,
that gives us the popup, or we could even just say,
popup, but let's use the event,
e.target.input.value, so input is going to give us,
let me show you here, let me not resolve it just yet.
Console.log e.target is gonna give us the form,
and e.target.input is gonna give us the input box,
see, input, and the reason why it's .input
is 'cause there's a name on it,
so anytime an input has a name attribute,
it will be available via a property on the form,
and then just to get the text out of that,
we say .value, and then we'll resolve that data.
So go ahead and run it now.
Ask, does this work?
Submit, and it's resolved, I think you can,
yeah, you can look inside of the promise and see it,
but if I want to get the actual data out of that,
I could rerun that with await in front of it,
and now you can use the top-level await in dev tools.
Type in Wes, hit submit, and you see,
then it returns Wes to me once I've submitted it.
Other things about this, is if I now submit this again,
it doesn't really do anything,
but that event listener is still there
because if you console.log
submitted,
Wes, submitted, I got Wes,
but now whenever I click it, the event listener
is still there, but it can't resolve itself twice,
so it doesn't really do anything.
So one kind of cool thing about add event listener
is you could, right here is,
remove the event listener for submitted,
because as soon as someone resolves it,
then just remove the event listener entirely,
but there's a little shortcut with add event listener,
where the third argument to add event listener
is an options object, and we can pass it once true,
and what that will do is it will say,
only listen for this event, submit once,
and then remove yourself, remove the event listener,
and that is super handy for things
you only ever wanna happen once.
So watch it now, we'll run it,
we'll type it in, submit, submitted Wes,
and now when I go ahead and hammer on it over and over again
it doesn't, in fact it goes back to the regular,
and it will submit itself like that.
So the next thing we need to do here,
is remove it from the DOM entirely.
So what we'll do is, we'll make a separate function
called destroyPopup because we need to run this on submit
and on cancel, so we'll destroyPopup,
and we'll pass it our popup.
Let's go up here, make a function,
that will take in the popup as an argument,
so notice how, since the popup is scoped
to this function right here,
if I wanna access it in another function,
it must be passed via an argument,
there's no way I could reach,
if I didn't pass it here, there's no way I could reach
into this ask function and grab access to it,
because it is scoped to our ask function,
it's actually even scoped a little bit further,
it's scoped to this promise.
So if we wanna be able to access it,
you must pass it via an argument.
Then inside of the destroyPopup,
we will take popup.classList.remove,
remove the class of open, then we will
wait for one second
because we actually wanna wait for the thing to fade out
before we remove it from the DOM.
Now it's yelling at me for the await here,
that's 'cause this has to be marked an async function,
because you can't only await inside of an async function,
then we want to remove the popup entirely,
so we can call, I think we can call popup.remove.
One other way before we had remove,
the way that we did it, is we said,
popup.parentElement, so we took the popup,
we want one level up, and then we called removeChild popup,
and what that did is essentially,
is found the popup, went to its parent,
then we called the method on the parent to remove itself,
but now there is just a remove method that we can use.
So that has removed it.
Let's go ahead and try that now.
There we go, you see it's gone, it faded itself out.
One thing I wanna check is if I console.log the popup,
even after I've removed it, is it still there?
Yeah, you see, we still have access to the popup,
even though it's been removed from the DOM,
and that is a potential memory leak,
because every single time you pop something up,
you create a brand new popup,
and you add all these things to it,
and you add all these event listeners to it,
and simply removing it from the DOM
does not remove it from JavaScript's memory entirely,
because it's possible that you might wanna add it back,
but in our case, we wanna get rid of it entirely,
just destroy any evidence of that,
and the way that we do that is we say,
popup is equal to null, and that will make sure
that there is nothing.
My eslint is gonna yell at me,
because you're not supposed to,
or I have a rule where you're not supposed
to overwrite parameters,
and if you wanna get around that rule,
you could const myPopup is equal to popup,
and you just change this to myPopup,
and the reason why that works,
is because this is all references.
Oh, you have to say let there in order for that to work.
But I don't care, if it's really bugging you,
you can turn that rule off just for one little line.
Let's see, what's the rule,
the rule is no param reassign,
so we could say eslint disable,
no param reassign,
and then just turn it right back on
the line after it, that's what sometimes people will do,
I know, I know, I know, but I know what I'm doing,
and that makes it work.
OK, so that is our destroying of the popup,
the next thing that we need to do
is to handle the cancel button.
So let's hookup these buttons here,
'cause I'm sick of running the code here.
So we'll go to just the bottom here,
this has nothing to do with our ask function.
We'll select all buttons that have a question,
const buttons is equal to document.querySelectorAll,
and we'll grab anything, in our case,
anything that has a data dash question on it,
so we can go here, and we'll say,
anything that has a data dash question attribute, select it.
And let's console.log buttons,
so now when we load the page we get a node list
of these two buttons.
Then we will loop over each of those,
buttons.forEach,
and we'll have our button,
and the button will have an eventListener,
listen for a click, and when that happens,
we'll have a ask question function, we'll make that now,
let's go up here.
Function askQuestion,
that takes in the event, I'm gonna use e,
let's just console.log the e, make sure we're good.
Good, that's my event.
We'll say,
const the el that was clicked,
or maybe we can say button, say 'cause e.currentTarget,
and then we'll say const the answer,
is equal to await, OK we gotta mark this is async then.
We'll use our ask function where we pass it,
the title of the question will be,
whatever the user has typed into the data dash question,
so the way that we access that is,
the button.dataset.question, and if that's the case,
we'll just console.log the answer,
enter your name, Wes, submit, we get Wes back, OK,
and then we need to have the cancel button.
If somebody has passed the data dash cancel attribute,
we need to pass cancel of true,
see watch, if I run this now, all of them will have it,
but I only wanna give it as an option,
not for every single one.
So how do we tell if the user has passed
a data dash cancel attribute?
Well we can console.log button.dataset.
So the dataset is just a question there,
and in this case it says, what is your age,
and cancel is equal to an empty string,
why is it an empty string?
Because I didn't pass it as data dash cancel equals true,
because the way the HTML attributes work
is simply by existing, that means they're true,
and by not existing, they are false,
so it's not like I would say true or false,
plus, trying to convert a string of true and false
into a Boolean is a bit of a nightmare,
so I'd rather just pass the attribute with nothing in it,
and that means we should have a cancel button.
So how do we detect if it's there?
Well, we'll say const shouldCancel
is equal to button.dataset.cancel,
and then we'll just go here and we'll say,
cancel is equal to shouldCancel.
So does that work?
No, why not?
And the reason why it's not working is,
shouldCancel is going to give us an empty string,
right there, and an empty string is what, true or false?
Well it's falsey, so if we're simply passing
a empty string, then that's gonna be falsey,
so you might think, OK, well I can put
some bangs in front of that,
but we still have the problem
with an empty string being falsey,
so the question is, how do we detect
if there is a cancel property in the dataset?
Because if it's not there it won't be,
and the way that you look is you say,
cancel is in button.dataset,
and that will give us true or false,
so hold on, what is that?
Const Wes is equal to name is Wes,
so I have an object called Wes here, right?
Wes, and I want to check if Wes has a name property,
and not that it is there, but simply
if it has a name property, and I can say,
name is in Wes, and something else is in Wes,
is it gives me false.
So that is how you check if a property is there,
we cannot use the other method
because sometimes a property will be set to a false value
like an empty string or zero, or something like that,
and that will sorta bite us,
so we're using cancel in button.dataset,
and we pass it here, let's actually just name this
cancel altogether, and that will allow us to just pass
cancel like that.
So does that work?
There it goes, cancel, submit, enter, just submit.
Let's hookup this cancel button now,
and go back to our, up here where we create it,
and we'll say TODO listen for a click on the cancel button,
so we'll say skipButton.addEventListener,
listen for a click, when that happens,
we'll run a callback here that will resolve with nothing,
or maybe resolve, what does prompt give you
when you do nothing?
Prompt, how old are you?
Say cancel, it returns you null,
so we wanna resolve with null, which is explicitly nothing,
and then we also wanna pass that once true option,
because we only want it to be listened to once.
Additionally, after resolving,
we want to destroy the popup as well,
so we'll just run that once more here.
Enter age, cancel, resolves to null,
enter your name, Wes, submit, good,
enter age, submit, 123.
Good, good, good, OK so,
that is the very basics of our popup,
the last thing that I wanted to show you is,
how do we use this popup to ask questions in series,
meaning that someone's going through a form
and you wanna popup something and ask three pieces of data
before they can continue.
So I've got an example, let's go to the very bottom here,
I've got these questions right here,
which has a title, a title, and a title,
and one of them has a cancel.
How would I ask somebody in series?
Well you might think, well I could use
promise.all, right Wes?
And let's try that, right?
So when the page loads, we'll take these questions
and we'll ask each of them,
so we'll say const answers is equal to promise.all,
and for each one, I want to say, ask
questions zero,
and we'll do one, and two.
So this is not an uncommon thing,
that what you wanna do is, when the page loads,
you ask all of your things, you wrap that in a promise.all
and when all three of them has been resolved,
then we'll have our answers.
So in this case we could say .then answers,
and the reason I have to use then here
is 'cause I can't do this,
'cause we're not inside of an async function,
so I need to use the promise syntax here,
console.log answers.
Alright, let's try this, ready?
What's your dog's name?
Wes.
What's your age?
What's your name?
Did you notice something about that?
It asked this one first, and then this one,
and then this one.
So what actually happened here is it works,
but what's actually happening here is that there's,
look it, there's three of them,
and they're all popped up at the exact same time,
and we don't get the cool UI that we're used to,
so that's actually not a good solution,
'cause we don't wanna pop all three of them up at once,
I posted this on Twitter and got 400 people telling me,
use promise.all, that is how promise.all works,
is it will fire them all off concurrently at the same time,
which in many cases is what you want,
but in our case, when you wanna do it sequentially,
we can't use promise.all because it will fire all off,
all of them off at once.
Just while we're sorta in this idea here,
a better way to do this promise.all
ask zero, ask one, ask two would be,
to do something like this, you take your questions,
and you map over each one,
and you simply pass in the ask function,
and what this will do is it'll say qPromises,
watch what we get here.
Console.log qPromises,
we get an array of our three promises,
which have not been answered yet,
so what you can do is you can loop over an array,
and for each one, return a promise,
and that's how you get an array of promises,
and then you can just wrap that in a promise.all,
and then give yourself a then data
console.log the data.
So what this will do is it will loop over
each of the questions, pipe it into an ask function,
which returns a promise, that will return to us an array,
remember the whole map makes is a machine,
takes something in, a question,
returns something else, a promise,
wraps it in a promise.all and then allows us
to listen with a then, and this will actually work.
And you see how it works, but we still have the problem
of the UI popping up all at the exact same time,
so that's not what we want.
What we do want is to map over it,
but asynchronously, you might also think, OK Wes,
I'm a hotshot, because I questions.forEach
function, and it marked that thing as async,
and in here we'll say, const answer is equal to await,
locate each question, await, ask question.
Console.log answer, right?
So you think you loop over each one,
and then you have an asynchronous function
that waits for the question to be resolved,
and then you log it, right?
So maybe we'll say console.log asking a question,
console.log the question, now refresh,
oh, asking a question, asking a question,
asking a question, so that didn't wait for anything, right?
It will work, see as I answer them,
they will resolve, but they all ran all three
at the exact same time.
So how do we make an async for each
or an async map function when this doesn't work like that?
And the answer to that is, we can use a for of loop.
So we'll make a function here called askMany,
we'll mark that as async.
And what you can do is just say for question
of questions,
and we'll say const answer is equal to await ask question.
Then console.log answer, and then when the page loads,
we'll askMany.
Oh I forgot a const in front of that.
Now look at that, what is your name?
Wes, submit.
What is your age?
And what is your dog's name?
And you see they did one after another,
because, unlike map and for each,
for of allows you to pause a loop
by awaiting something inside of it, and that is awesome.
So one thing I like to do is to make
a little utility function called asyncMap,
and it will do exactly this but return to us an array,
very much like a map does.
So let's do that here, we'll make a function
called asyncMap, that takes in an array of data,
and a callback of something to call,
and the reason why I call this array and not questions,
and the reason why I call this callback and not ask,
is that this is a utility function,
that can be used multiple times,
regardless of the array of questions,
or the actual ask function.
We'll mark that as async, and first we will make an array
to store our results, so const results
is equal to an empty array.
Then we will loop over our array,
so we'll say for const data of array,
and again, I'm not using question here
because I'm trying to keep it as flexible as possible
for any type of array that comes in.
Or let's call it item, not data.
Then we'll say const result is equal to await,
callback item, so this is exactly the same
as saying await ask question, but we've made it generic
and we're saying await callback item,
and we're gonna pass in what the array
and what the callback actually is,
and then when we have that result,
we'll take the results and we'll push it into that.
And then finally, when we are done the loop,
return it, so return
the results.
Then what we should be able to do,
is let's get rid of this askMany here,
we'll make a new function, we'll just call that go,
and mark it as async and run it on page load,
the only reason I'm doing this is 'cause you can't await
out in the open, you must await inside of async,
and we'll say const answers is equal to await
asyncMap, and our asyncMap takes an array,
which is our questions, gets turned into the array variable
when it gets passed in, and our callback,
which is our ask function,
and we should be able to console.log the answers,
click that.
Couple red, this is results, and this is questions.
Wes,
and now we get our array back.
That's beautiful, I love that a lot,
and it's a little bit different
than questions.map, but it's the exact same idea,
the only difference is that this is just
a top-level function instead of being a method
that lives on the array, which is pretty cool.
You can even go a little bit further in this thing,
and we can simply take the await callback item,
and push directly in there, and because of bedmas,
remember we learned about bedmas?
You can await inside of here, and when that is resolved,
it will push it into the results for us.
So I know that's a lot, but this little function
will probably come in handy in the future,
hopefully you learned a couple things there
about promises and resolving, and this is totally something
that you could take a little bit further
and make the UI a little bit more flexible,
maybe have different types of inputs, things like that.
See you in the next one.